Repository to generate Stratio dcos-cli image.

* No authentication:
docker run -dit --name dcos-cli -e DCOS_IP=10.10.10.10 -e SSH=true -e TOKEN_AUTHENTICATION=false stratio/dcos-cli:0.4.15

* Authentication with user and password:
docker run -dit --name dcos-cli -e DCOS_IP=10.10.10.10 -e SSL=true -e SSH=true -e TOKEN_AUTHENTICATION=true -e DCOS_USER=admin@demo.stratio.com -e DCOS_PASSWORD=stratio -e BOOTSTRAP_USER=root -e REMOTE_PASSWORD=12345678 stratio/dcos-cli:0.4.15

* Authentication with user and pem file:
docker run -dit --name dcos-cli -v /path_to_your_pem:/docker_path_to_pem -e DCOS_IP=10.10.10.10 -e SSL=true -e SSH=true -e TOKEN_AUTHENTICATION=true -e DCOS_USER=admin@demo.stratio.com -e DCOS_PASSWORD=stratio -e BOOTSTRAP_USER=root -e REMOTE_PASSWORD=12345678 -e PEM_FILE_PATH=/docker_path_to_pem/file.pem stratio/dcos-cli:0.4.15

- DCOS_IP: url of the dcos cluster master (i.e. 10.200.0.29).
- SSL: whether you want to use HTTP or HTTPS protocol (possible values: true|false). 
- SSH: whether you want to have ssh access to the container or not (possible values: true|false).
- TOKEN_AUTHENTICATION: whether you want automatic retrieval of token or not (possible values: true|false). If you choose false, you will need to provide the token for the commands that request it.
- DCOS_USER: If TOKEN_AUTHENTICATION is true, you need to provide your registered user for the cluster.
- DCOS_PASSWORD: If TOKEN_AUTHENTICATION is true, you need to provide your password for the cluster.
- BOOTSTRAP_USER: User to login into DC/OS master
- DCOS_ACS_TOKEN: token generated by authenticating to DC/OS with ACS
- EMAIL: email address
- MESOS_MASTER_URL: the Mesos mast URL. This must be of the format: http://<host>:<port>
- TOKEN: the OAuth access token
- CORE_REPORTING: indicates whether to report usage events to Mesosphere. By default this is set to True
- SSL_VERIFY: indicates whether to verify SSL certs for HTTPS or path to certs. By default this is set to False
- TIMEOUT: request timeout in seconds, with a minimum value of 1 second. By default this is set to 5 seconds
- PEM_FILE_PATH: Path to pem file to be used to log into DC/OS master
